OSDOCS#9575: Release notes for clusters with multi-architecture compu… (#71265)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

//For more information, see < insert link to Deploying OpenStack with rootVolume and etcd on local disk when docs merge>.

[id="ocp-4.15-postinstallation-configuration"]
=== Postinstallation configuration 

[id="ocp-4.15-postinstallation-configuration-multi-arch-compute-machines"]

==== {product-title} clusters with multi-architecture compute machines

> On {product-title} {product-version} clusters with multi-architecture compute machines, you can now enable 64k page sizes in the {op-system} kernel on the 64-bit ARM compute machines in your cluster. For more information on setting this parameter, see xref:../post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/multi-architecture-compute-managing.adoc#multi-architecture-enabling-64k-pages_multi-architecture-compute-managing[Enabling 64k pages on the Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS (RHCOS) kernel].

Reviewer: Should this be the first mention attribute?
```suggestion
On {product-title} {product-version} clusters with multi-architecture compute machines, you can now enable 64k page sizes in the {op-system-first} kernel on the 64-bit ARM compute machines in your cluster. For more information on setting this parameter, see xref:../post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/multi-architecture-compute-managing.adoc#multi-architecture-enabling-64k-pages_multi-architecture-compute-managing[Enabling 64k pages on the Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS (RHCOS) kernel].
```

Author: Yeah I should've did that, thank ya!

> On {product-title} {product-version} clusters with multi-architecture compute machines, you can now enable 64k page sizes in the {op-system} kernel on the 64-bit ARM compute machines in your cluster. For more information on setting this parameter, see xref:../post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/multi-architecture-compute-managing.adoc#multi-architecture-enabling-64k-pages_multi-architecture-compute-managing[Enabling 64k pages on the Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS (RHCOS) kernel].

Reviewer: I think this can be directly replaced with an attribute:
```suggestion
On {product-title} {product-version} clusters with multi-architecture compute machines, you can now enable 64k page sizes in the {op-system} kernel on the 64-bit ARM compute machines in your cluster. For more information on setting this parameter, see xref:../post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/multi-architecture-compute-managing.adoc#multi-architecture-enabling-64k-pages_multi-architecture-compute-managing[Enabling 64k pages on the {op-system-first} kernel].
```

Author: That should work yeah, lemme check !
